[pipa lute playing]
[Chiu] Yes.
Yes?
You were wondering if I'm dead.
Yes, I'm dead.
[stammers] Am I?
You currently reside in the space between.
Between what?
Life and death.
Oh.
Crap!
[Chiu chuckles]
If you wish to join me,
all you have to do is cross the line.
A-And if I want to live?
[Alejandra] You petulant boy!
I should never have
carried you in my womb!
[El Balde] You wasted your power.
You never saw what we could have had.
I am afraid.
I am really afraid.
I miss you, Sifu.
I wish you were here.
I am here.
What do I do if I want to live?
You fight.
How?
[Alejandra] Go to sleep!
You kept me in a cage, like a dog.
Your own mother.
Why?
For wealth?
Is my son truly so desperate
to look big and strong?
Have you nothing to say?
Are you so far gone, so much an animal,
there is not, somewhere inside you,
even a small well of shame?
[glass shatters]
You infant!
I'm a man.
I am more than a man.
Thanks to the skin
I sliced off of you, I can't die.
You can't kill me!
I'm done taking orders from you, bitch!
[chuckles]
We will see about that.
Yes, we will.
[gulping]
[shattering]
[yelling]
If I were a sad, mewling traitor,
where would I keep what I stole?
Dammit!
Have you seen Isa--
Holy hell! What happened to you?
He went crazy.
That's kind of his thing, remember?
Where is Isabela? You seen her?
[grunts]
[gasps]
[rumbling]
[Brister] What the hell was that?
[sighs] Where's your backup?
My...?
Your bosses!
El Norte deep state gringo imperialists!
[groans] Why they don't ever invade
when you want them to invade?
About that...
I have some bad news and some worse news.
I think they might be coming.
How is that bad news?
I think they might be coming to kill me.
[rumbling]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[rumbling]
[Alejandra cackles]
Look, my son.
An audience for your destruction.
Isabela?
How the chingada are you floating?
You ever seen her do that?
My gratitude for your friend's body.
It feels good to be young again.
Alejandra?
[metallic creaking]
[snarling]
[roars]
Hijole!
[El Balde snarling]
[yells]
[panting]
She's taking care of it, you psycho!
Let her!
You're gonna get yourself killed
by those monsters!
For what, huh? For nothing!
Sifu was right.
Revenge won't bring you peace, 'mano.
[sighs]
Listen.
The only way to kill whatever
that pendejo has become is fire.
Remember how we stopped those freaks
that wrecked our school?
You might,
but you're so goddamn single-minded,
I figured you forget
the little important shit
like how you could actually achieve
your emotionally unstable goal.
Great!
So, now all we need is fire.
[fire crackling]
Maybe there's a way
we can get down-- Shit!
[El Balde grunts]
Uh... How are you going to get past Ale--
I-Isab--
...that scary-looking bitch?
[clattering]
He really needs to develop
his people skills.
Dammit! He's going to get his ass killed!
Perhaps I can bind her
with Garabina's magic.
Can you actually use her voodoo?
I remember it, but I don't know.
[Garcia] Rose petals.
I need rose petals...
and lotus leaves.
[glass clinking]
-[glass shatters]
-Perfect.
Y'all don't got A.A. in Mexico, do you?
No, no, it's not...
[groans]
Am I dead now?
Not yet.
But you're getting there.
[Isabela] Silencio!
I have to stop him!
Then fight her.
How am I supposed to fight
someone who's me?
The sages have struggled
with that question for an eternity.
[scoffs] Can you skip the lesson
and get right to the answer, please?
[Chiu] Impatience
doesn't become you, Isabela.
Perhaps I should remind you,
your quarrel is not with me,
but with yourself.
No, I do have a quarrel with you!
The tattoo on your back.
Were you working with El Balde
before you took us in?
Is that why you helped us?
To absolve yourself of what you had done?
The symbol I carried on my back--
It's a lotus.
The same one on your journal,
the same one on the man who killed
our parents, on the man who killed you!
[blows]
[Chiu] The symbol I carried on my back,
it is no lotus.
It is a peach blossom.
A symbol of immortality.
But... you're not immortal!
Neither are you.
[Isabela] Stop!
This isn't me!
[choking]
[Isabela] I'm not doing this!
[grunts]
I don't want to do this!
[Alejandra] Shut your child mouth!
[Isabela grunts]
[gasps]
Patience.
Be the gentle rain you remember falling.
She hears your thoughts.
Perhaps you can hear hers.
[inhales and exhales]
[Isabela] I can see her memories.
[grunts]
You don't want to do this.
[Alejandra grunting]
[grunts]
[sighs]
He's still your son.
My son?
My son!
What have I done?
Oh, thank God.
Silencio! No!
No!
[yells]
[grunts]
[El Balde snarls]
[grunting]
[snarling]
Shh.
[Alejandra shrieks]
No!
I'll kill you!
[grunts]
[yelling]
Holy shit!
It worked!
Release me, you bitch!
You all think you can bind me
with a dead woman's spell?
The dark magic is more powerful
than you can ever imagine!
[grunts]
Hey! That's my sister!
All right. No, you're probably right.
-[stick thwacking]
-[Lo grunting]
[groans]
[panting]
If you destroyed the treasure
you stole from me, you worthless cur,
I swear I will find you in hell
and feed you your own bitter heart,
piece by piece!
You nursemaid
to a trio of mewling orphans!
You feeble-minded caretaker
of a fool's garden!
What have you done with my eternity?
[rumbling]
[snorts and spits]
[wood cracking]
Clever boy.
OK. Great. Now what?
Maybe I should hit her again.
You know, to make sure sure.
[shrieking]
[thud]
What? I'm contributing!
Garcia, why don't you do
that eye-rolling thing?
You know, search your magic memory banks.
Nothing.
What about the... the little saints?
Got any more of those magic mushrooms?
None.
Goddammit, woman!
You got to have something you can do!
[gasps] The broom!
What is it?
Garabina never performed an exorcism.
She learned this from her mother,
who learned it from her grandmother.
It has been generations
since someone in her family tried.
She doesn't even know if it will work.
Hopefully I don't just piss her off.
Sweep away, sweep away, sweep away home.
Sweep away, sweep away, sweep away, go.
-Sweep away, sweep away, sweep away home.
-That's really the spell?
It's not more, I don't know, mystical?
[Garcia] Sweep away, sweep away,
sweep away home.
-Sweep away, sweep away...
-Something's happening.
-Sweep away, sweep away, sweep away home.
-[Alejandra cries out]
-Sweep away, sweep away, sweep away, go!
-Should I hit her again?
[gasps]
A gardener, grafting trees.
So clever.
But I am sly, too.
The best place to hide something
is where everyone can see it.
Did you hide my eternity, brother,
in the heart of a fruit tree?
The elder steel of Lü Dongbin
will show me your secrets.
[yells]
[Garcia] Sweep away,
sweep away, sweep away, go!
Sweep away, sweep away, sweep away, home!
Sweep away, sweep away, sweep away, go!
Say it with me! Everyone!
[in unison] Sweep away, sweep away,
sweep away, home!
Sweep away, sweep away, sweep away, go!
Sweep away, sweep away, sweep away, home!
-Sweep away, sweep away, sweep away, go!
-No!
-Sweep away, sweep away...
-I will not go quietly!
Fools!
You cannot send me away!
[gasps]
At last.
Now I can once again
hide in plain sight, too,
and Death herself will never find me.
[peach crunches]
[groans]
Oof.
El Balde did that.
[gasps]
[scoffs] Come on. We have to tell Lo.
You did it, man!
I don't know how, but you did it.
Yeah. I mean, you're welcome.
Uh... Sorry.
What are you sorry for?
You know, getting too worked up.
I think it's OK.
We're alive.
Yeah.
We sure the hell are.
-But we have a lot of work to do.
-Yeah.
Before the D.E.A. shows up
and throws some serious-ass wrenches
in the middle of everything.
We have to clean up San Simon.
Right.
Goddamn right.
Sorry.
Mm. What are you sorry for?
You know, getting too worked up.
[engine stops]
I'm so worried about
the people of San Simon.
We'll head down there
and throw out any of El Balde's trash
once they've had their little reunion.
We don't know
how many of his thugs stuck around.
We're gonna want all the help we can get.
I think I will ask Garcia
to arrest Silencio when this is done.
Are you still on that bus?
He's our brother.
-We can't just--
-He killed Serrano.
He gave El Balde a free pass
to brutalize San Simon.
Since Chiu died,
Silencio has gone from angry to barbaric.
He's a danger to himself, to...
to others.
We can pull him back.
He isn't gone. I'm sure of it.
Sifu wouldn't give up on him,
and neither will we.
But we're going to need help.
And we will have it
if he's somewhere safe,
where we can keep an eye on him.
[Isabela] Oh, my God.
Silencio?
Who the hell are you?
Ah.
The eternal question.
Sifu Lo?
I had hoped
you would have been killed by now.
Ah, well.
I've got nothing but time.